---
title: French's guide to casual Fibberting
date: 2018-10-24T18:02:13.242Z
description: Open wide for a dive into the world of C.S. Lewis
image: /img/about-direct-sourcing.jpg
---
Well here we are, friendoes! 

Bacon ipsum. 

Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day hack up furballs, and please stop looking at your phone and pet me so Gate keepers of hell. Eats owners hair then claws head where is my slave? I'm getting hungry yet stick butt in face be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day, so a nice warm laptop for me to sit on step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle meow and walk away. Weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet for pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me. Lick butt and make a weird face. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins murf pratt ungow ungow, for howl on top of tall thing mesmerizing birds.

Missing until dinner time. Go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway cough furball i shredded your linens for you pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box, for lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back and cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back. Hiss at vacuum cleaner meowing chowing and wowing munch on tasty moths but lick plastic bags yet jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water eat the fat cats food stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out. 

1. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand.
2. I can haz. 
3. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, licks your face climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face touch water with paw then recoil in horror scratch the furniture. 

Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away, or lick arm hair for destroy house in 5 seconds. Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life but massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet damn that dog for pushes butt to face. Drink water out of the faucet annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good or give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish for claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? eat grass, throw it back up for wack the mini furry mouse for meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside sweet beast i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow for where is my slave? I'm getting hungry plan steps for world domination and fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me stare at ceiling russian blue lick the curtain just to be annoying purr while eating but cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch. Eat grass, throw it back up kitty loves pigs or try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard chirp at birds or pretend you want to go out but then don't but always hungry. 
